# LiteSuggest
A lightweight jQuery plugin for suggesting answers in form inputs.

## Using LiteSuggest
To use LiteSuggest, you _must_ be using jQuery.

LiteSuggest comes with a JS and a CSS file.

#### HTML
To use LiteSuggest, you need a few things in your HTML.

 * Any input element you want to have suggestions attached to must be inside of an element with the class `litesuggest-group`.
 * Make sure your input is of type text.
 * Give each input a name. 
 * *Note: You probably want to turn off the browser autocomplete in your inputs by adding `autocomplete="off"` in each tag.*
 * If you want to have multiple inputs with the same suggestions inside of the same group, you must give those inputs different names.

Example: 
```
    <div class="litesuggest-group">
            <input type="text" name="in1" autocomplete="off"/>
            <input type="text" name="in2" autocomplete="off"/>
    </div>

```

 * If you want to have multiple LiteSuggest groups in the same container that use different suggestions, give them different selectors that you can specify when intiating the plugins.
 
Example: 
```
    <div class="litesuggest-group group1">
            <input type="text" name="in" autocomplete="off"/>
    </div>
    
    <div class="litesuggest-group group2">
            <input type="text" name="in" autocomplete="off"/>
    </div>

```

#### litesuggest.js (or litesuggest.min.js)
The jQuery plugin. 

To instantiate, call `.litesuggest()` on your container with your options:
```
    $(".container").litesuggest({
        words: ["any", "words", "you want", "to be", "suggested"], // An array of strings, which will be parsed and used for suggestions
        groupSelector: ".group1" // An additional selector you can use if you want to use multiple litesuggest input groups
    });
```

Defaults:
```
    $.fn.litesuggest.defaults = {
        groupSelector: "",
        words: []
    };
```

#### litesuggest.css (or litesuggest.min.css)
The CSS file. Technically, the plugin will work without this file, but it will be extremely difficult/confusing to use.

The CSS styles the dropdown that is generated by your suggestions so that it actually looks and feels like a dropdown. It also handles the styling of the text inside the dropdown, so if you want to change that styling, just directly edit this file.